Steps:
1)
 Right click on the ‘Age’ tab and select Create and select “Bins” in it.
 Rename it to ‘Age(bin)’ and change the bin size to 3 and save it.
 Drag ‘Age(bin)’ to Columns and drag the ‘Employee Count’ to Rows.
 Drag the ‘Employee Count’ on the label option under the Marks dropdown.
 Rename the worksheet to ‘Bin’.

2)
 Drag and drop ‘Job Role’ to Rows.
 Drag and drop ‘Job Satisfaction’ to the Columns make it discrete and select
dimension.
 Under the Show Me change the chart type to Highlight Table.
 Drag and drop ‘Employee Count’ to Color and Label.
 Rename the worksheet to ‘Highlight Table’

3)
 Drag and drop ‘Job Role’ to Rows.
 Drag and drop ‘Job Satisfaction’ to the Columns make it discrete and select
dimension.
 Under the Show Me change the chart type to Highlight Table.
 Drag and drop ‘Employee Count’ to Color and Label.
 Rename the worksheet to ‘Highlight Table’.
 Drag and drop ‘Education Field’ to Rows.
 Create a calculated field ‘Attrition Count’ with the formula -
IF [Attrition] = ‘Yes’ THEN 1 ELSE 0 END.
 Drag and drop ‘Attrition Count’ to Columns.
 Drag and drop Attrition count to label option under marks dropdown.
 Rename the worksheet to ‘Horizontal Bar Chart’.

4)
 Drag and drop ‘Age Group’ to Columns.
 Create a pie chart by changing the mark type from automatic to Pie and
select entire view in fit tab.
 Double click on the empty space in row tab and type 0 and press enter.
 Hold ctrl and drag and drop the SUM (0) beside it in the row tab.
 Drag and drop ‘Gender’ to color under marks section.
 Drag and drop ‘Attrition Count’ to Angle and Label.
 Remove all the tabs under the SUM (0)(2) dropdown and change the color
to white.
 Right click on second SUM (0) in row and select ‘Dual Axis’.
 Vary the size of both the circles to make it look like donut.
 Rename the worksheet to ‘Donut chart’.

5)
 Click on ‘New Dashboard’ button in the bottom left corner of the
Tableau window.
 Select floating windows under Objects, in Dashboard.
 Drag all the worksheets and drop them in the dashboard.
 Rearrange all the worksheets, once all the worksheets are added.